1.6.0 changelog (#118)
odahu/odahu-docs: source/ref_changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

Odahu 1.6.0
--------------------------
Features:
""""""""""""

- Core:
    * MLFlow artifacts storage is now correctly works with cloud storage for Google Cloud and Amazon.

Bug Fixes:
""""""""""""

- Core:

>     * Model feedback & Triton model logs are now stored without model name/versoon (`#607 <https://github.com/odahu/odahu-flow/issues/607>`_,).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Model feedback & Triton model logs are now stored with model name/version (`#607 <https://github.com/odahu/odahu-flow/issues/607>`_,).
```
